---
title: That was unexpected
layout: post
published: true
date: 2013-07-15
---

I published a short essay yesterday titled 
[*You're probably not for hackers*](http://essays.kuntz.co/you-re-probably-not-for-hackers/) 
after seeing a product that marketed itself for hackers, but was obviously not
for hackers. For the rest of the story, read the post.

Turns out that a lot of people actually cared about what I wrote, which is funny
to me (but I'll get there). I submitted the piece to Hacker News, expecting the
usual: a couple dozen people visiting the submission, a comment or two, nothing
major. The exact opposite happened. What I wrote was good enough to make it to
the front page of HN, for a fairly good amount of time. And there was a real
discussion on it.

That was unexpected.

And the comments weren't overly negative. There were two mildly negative ones,
but they weren't the kind of negativity I would have expected. They were mostly
of the "you've got too much time on your hands, go do something productive" than
the "this is stupid" kind of comments.

That was unexpected, too.

Before yesterday I didn't have analytics on [Essays.](http://essays.kuntz.co),
because my thinking originally was that it wasn't that important, and it was
more about the words than about who visited. I caved after I noticed I was on
the front page (something I noticed because traffic to
[don.kuntz.co](http://don.kuntz.co) spiked as a result), mostly because I wanted
to know how many people were viewing the page.

I published the post at 9:12 pm last night and didn't add in tracking until
10:51 pm, at which time I think it was the third item on HN. Piwik records 1925
visitors in the hour and nine minutes between it being added to the site and
midnight. Thus far, today, there have been 11382 visitors. That's more people
that I could have imagined being even mildly interested in what I have to say.

I'm not trying to humble brag, I'm not really sure I liked getting that much
traffic. My goal in life isn't really to become well known, but to build cool
things, and it's interesting, and mildly cool that I somehow made it to the
front page of Hacker News, but it's nowhere near what I was expecting, even in
my wildest expectations. I don't expect myself to write things that people will
find useful.

Even the tiny bit of exposure that I received scares me, because I don't know
how to cope with it. Thankfully the server mostly knew how to cope with it. I
say mostly because it went down at about seven, something I didn't notice until
eight thirty. I was expecting the server to go down while I was asleep, and it
technically did, but only after I'd woken up once before (I woke up at about
6:30 and checked to make sure it didn't go down, and it hadn't, yet).

Oddly, it wasn't the whole server that died, but just nginx, which was really
annoying, because had the whole server died it would have restarted, but nginx
apparently doesn't (something I'm working on changing). Other than that,
everything was fine. I'm fairly certain that had I been with any of my previous
hosts bad things would have happened, and they would probably have expected some
more money from me. So I'm happy that didn't happen.

All day I've been checking to make sure the server didn't crash again. My main
concern wasn't what people had to say about what I had to say, but keeping my
sites up and running, not because I wanted to make sure that more people could
see what I'd written, but because I'm obsessive about these things. Before I
manually restarted the machine because I couldn't ssh into it (so. many.
requests.) I had an uptime of two months, when I switched to nginx from
lighttpd. I like things to be kept up and running. Maybe I have weird
priorities.

So that was my day...
