---
title: More Thoughts on Canonical and Ubuntu
layout: post
tags: [linux]
---

This is partially a follow up to my [last post](/2013/01/30/ubuntu-shouldn-t-switch-to-a-rolling-release-model/),
and partially other thoughts on Canonical and Ubuntu.

I misinterpreted all of the "fantastic news" about Canonical considering
switching Ubuntu to a Rolling Release distro. The way it's being described is
that there would still be an LTS release, but *also* a rolling release, and
just get rid of the non-LTS releases.

That makes more sense than going to pure rolling release, but I still don't
think it's a good idea. People who don't know what they're doing are more
likely to go for the newer release, which in this scenario, would be the
rolling release for the most part (minus a few occasions right after the LTS
has been released), even now Canonical isn't particularly good about
suggesting the LTS for people. Design-wise, on the download page, the LTS has
less weight on it because it's lower, which to most people implies that it's
older, and not what they want (even if they're a typical computer user who
doesn't want to have to deal with OS upgrades (not updates) every six months).

Along with me misinterpreting how the proposed Ubuntu LTS system would work,
most of the comments people have made about the post misinterpreted what I
wrote. Never once did I imply that a rolling release distro is always
unstable. I think most people got lost at the calling the LTS stable (which it
is, even today), which apparently means that all non-LTS releases aren't
stable (which, for the most part, they aren't particularly stable, I've never
had a good time with non-LTS releases). Sorry people, you obviously didn't
read what was written.

As for other thoughts I've been having, I don't understand the **huge** number
of people who idolize Canonical like the most verbal Apple users (I say most
verbal because there's a good portion of Apple users (most that I know and
associate with) who don't evangelize their products, it's just the loudest of
them that do). While I understand what Canonical is doing, and think it's
perfectly acceptable for them to do what they're doing, I don't agree with it,
and I don't understand the people that do.

Bluntly, I think that Ubuntu users are becoming the OS X users of the Linux
world.
